README.md, before:

# Pypers starter

Look at the [Pypers repository](https://github.com/FelixLuciano/pypers) to learn more.

## Setup

1. Create environment
    ```bash
    # Linux
    python3 -m venv env
    ```

    ```ps
    # Windows
    python -m venv env
    ```

1. Activate environment
    ```bash
    # Linux
    ./env/Scripts/activate
    ```

    ```ps
    # Windows
    .\env\Scripts\activate
    ```

2. Install Pypers
    ```bash
    pip install https://github.com/FelixLuciano/pypers/archive/refs/tags/1.0.0.tar.gz
    ```

3. Get Google Cloud credentials

    In order to send the pages by Gmail or fetch data from Google Sheets, Google Cloud credentials are required for authentication in this project.

    See the [Getting started with authentication](https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/getting-started) for Google Cloud API. Then put your key at `[PROJECT FOLDER]/credentials.json`. and it's ready to use!

## Create a new page

```bash
# Linux
python3 -m pypers create <path/to/page>
```

```ps
# Windows
python -m pypers create <path/to/page>
```

Commit message:

feat(workspace): :sparkles: VS Code 1.72 create Python Environments task

README.md, after:

# Pypers starter

Look at the [Pypers repository](https://github.com/FelixLuciano/pypers) to learn more.

## Setup

Open README.md and run `Create Environment` task button at status bar or run the following command:

1. Create environment
    ```bash
    # Linux
    python3 -m venv env
    ```

    ```ps
    # Windows
    python -m venv env
    ```

1. Activate environment
    ```bash
    # Linux
    ./env/Scripts/activate
    ```

    ```ps
    # Windows
    .\env\Scripts\activate
    ```

2. Install Pypers
    ```bash
    pip install https://github.com/FelixLuciano/pypers/archive/refs/tags/1.0.0.tar.gz
    ```

Then get Google Cloud credentials. In order to send the pages by Gmail or fetch data from Google Sheets, Google Cloud credentials are required for authentication in this project.

See the [Getting started with authentication](https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/getting-started) for Google Cloud API. Then put your key at `[PROJECT FOLDER]/credentials.json`. and it's ready to use!

## Create a new page

Run `New page` task button at status bar or run the following command:

```bash
# Linux
python3 -m pypers create <path/to/page>
```

```ps
# Windows
python -m pypers create <path/to/page>
```
